Update hardware-requirements.md (#1986)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/deploy/hardware-requirements.md

- If you have a single meta node, increase the value of `meta_leader_lease_secs` to optimize performance.
- If using MinIO, avoid deploying etcd and MinIO on the same disks to prevent conflicts or performance degradation.
- For detailed disk performance requirements and recommendations, refer to the [Disks](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.3/op-guide/hardware/#disks) section in the etcd documentation.

## Storage

> RisingWave is designed to work with a variety of storage systems. See [Set up a RisingWave cluster in Kubernetes](/deploy/risingwave-kubernetes.md#deploy-a-risingwave-instance) for the list of supported storage backends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RisingWave offers support for multiple storage systems as storage backends. For the complete list of supported storage systems for Kubernetes deployments, see [Set up a RisingWave cluster in Kubernetes](/deploy/risingwave-kubernetes.md#deploy-a-risingwave-instance).
```

> Please notice that storage performance can **significantly** impact RisingWave's performance. We recommend using high-performance cloud storage systems such as AWS S3. For self-managed storage systems such as MinIO or local file system, please ensure to use high-performance SSD disks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the performance of RisingWave can be significantly affected by the performance of the storage system used. To ensure optimal performance, we recommend using high-performance cloud storage systems like AWS S3. For self-managed storage systems like MinIO or local file systems, it is important to use high-performance SSD disks. This will help maintain the efficiency and speed of RisingWave operations.
```
